chore(review): tutos part 1 (#4975)
scaleway/docs-content: tutorials/terraform-quickstart/index.mdx

hero: assets/scaleway_terraform.webp
dates:
  validation: 2025-05-19
---

> HashiCorp [Terraform/OpenTofu](http://terraform.io) is an open-source software tool used to deploy **IaaC**: Infrastructure as Code. It means that you can automate infrastructure resources such as Instances, Elastic Metal servers, and more. It allows you to use declarative configuration files to manage the full lifecycle: create new resources, manage existing ones, and delete those no longer needed. The configuration language used by Terraform/OpenTofu is called [Hashicorp Configuration Language (HCL)](https://github.com/hashicorp/hcl).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HashiCorp [Terraform](http://terraform.io) or [OpenTofu](https://opentofu.org/) (open source fork of Terraform) are open-source software tools to deploy **IaaC**: Infrastructure as Code. It means that you can automate infrastructure resources such as Network, Instances, Elastic Metal servers, and more. It allows you to use declarative configuration files to manage the full lifecycle — create new resources, manage existing ones, and delete those no longer needed. The configuration language used by Terraform/OpenTofu is called [Hashicorp Configuration Language (HCL)](https://github.com/hashicorp/hcl).
```

Maybe keep it like this as OpenTofu isn't published by Hashicorp, wdyt?
